title    : foxy slide 
filename : slidefox.zip
date     : 97/10/30
author   : martin fuchs (gibs you as foxy ;)

email    : fuchs@physik.fu-berlin.de

what is this? : a level for snowboard-surfin-quake - SLIDE!
                (get slide at http://singe.telefragged.com/slide/slide.html - and
                have a look at qtank while you're there)

credits  : id for creating quake and for making it so super-configurable
           singe for slide
           trey harrison and chris carollo for quest (YES!!!)
           david jewsbury for stoneless 
           iikka keranen for iklite (saved me tons of work and looks great)
           

type of mod
-----------
bsp      : yes
map      : no   (mail me if you want it)
quake c  : no
sound    : no
mdl      : no

map info
--------
single player           : yes (beat the clock)
coop                    : no (can't see why)
deathmatch              : yes (beat your buddies - 16 starts)
base                    : new level from scratch
editors used            : quest, stoneless


description
-----------
ok, if you haven't checked out slide, do it now! you're a riding a hoverboard
downhill (mostly down, hehe) and either race for fastest time or try to shoot
your friends off of their boards (try to jump on them ;). really this is one
of the funmost mods i've seen for a while!

this map has a few spots that are tough to get through: an uphill part where
you have to use zip plates to get up fast and two bowls that you jump into
and out of. testing the map i got through at 27 secs fastest, so it's doable.
you can get through the map on foot if need be; there's enough resliders there
to avoid that though (if you didn't break your leg, of course).

hint: jump a lot, also when hitting zip plates to get more speed (especially
uphill and to get through the bowls). there's a quad in the level, go find
it yourself :)

making maps for slide is harder than usual maps in terms of rspeeds as you
want a lot of open space and large rooms. i set myself a limit of 700 polys; that
way it was still fun on my p90 32mb; there are a few spots that are slower,
but they are way off track, so if you go there, enjoy the scenery, but don't
complain :)

how to install the addon
------------------------

* unzip the file into a quake\slide\maps directory.
* now run quake with 'quake -game slide +map slidefox' from the command line.

copyright and distribution mambo jambo
--------------------------------------

as this is a map for slide, check the slide site for copyright stuff (i'm using
his entities). don't make money with this. if you want to distribute it in
electronic format, keep the zip file intact, including this .txt file and
notify me.

