
Title    : Slide
Filename : Slide11.zip
Version  : 1.1
Date     : 10-11-97
Author   : Nick "SiNGE" Bousman, Glenn "Griphis" Saaiman
Email    : singe@ix.netcom.com, griphis@ix.netcom.com

 Type of Mod
 ------------
 Quake C  : yes
 Sound    : yes
 MDL      : yes
 Level    : no <- You need SLIDELV1.ZIP, the official Slide level pak.

 Format of Mod
 --------------
 pak0.pak file.

 Description:
 -------------
    Simply put, it's hoverboards in Quake. You and your opponents spawn at
 the top of the downhill track. As soon as you walk under the rotating
 floating start point, you become frictionless and slide down the track.
 Get down as fast as possible, and hit the end point. If you make it in less
 time than anyone else, you get 7 frags, otherwise you get 5. Make hard to
 reach jumps and manuvers to get those glowy "bonus items". They're worth
 a frag a piece. If there's checkpoints, you can't hit the end point until
 you hit the checkpoints. So be careful how you move! Once you reach the
 bottom of the track, run through the conveniently placed teleporter back
 to the top of the level, to try it all over again!

 Things:
 --------
 - Start Point - Big rotating floaty thing. Run under it, and you "officially"
    are starting your run through the track. You also get a hoverboard. :)
 - Start Field - Works the same as a Start Point, but looks like a big flash
    ing force field.
 - End Point - At the end of a track, touch it. 5 frags, and 7 if you have
    the best time. Looks like a big pole about chest high, with lights on it.
 - Check Point - You MUST touch these (if they exist in a level) before you
    can hit the end point. Look like globes on sticks, and they go Ding! when
    you get 'em.
 - Reslider - If you deactivated your board halfway through the level, run
    over this to get a new hoverboard. They look like the start point, but
    a bit smaller, and clamped into the floor rather than floating.
 - Bonus Item - Twirly funky things, placed in odd places (or not so odd
    places sometimes.) Supposed to be relatively hard to get, but you're
    rewarded a nice juicy frag when you get one!
 - Zip Plate - A big plate set in the floor that magnifies the force of the
    ion generators in your hoverboard. When you go over one you get a big
    SHOVE in whatever direction they're facing. The shove varies from plate
    to plate, and sometimes plates will ignore sliders that are already
    going at a certain high speed.
 - Zip Field - Much like a zip plate, but is a whole _area_ of propulsion,
    characterized by small orange particles moving in the direction they'll
    push you.
     


 Useful Stuff to remember:
 --------------------------
 - YOU NEED the SLIDELV1.ZIP level pak for Slide levels. :)
 - If you have the level pak, and don't know how to load levels, just type
    "map slstart" in the console.
 - VERY important!! When you're a board, you manuver by turning WHILE holding
    the attack button. You must remember this. Otherwise your control won't
    be worth crap.
 - IMPULSE 1 (ie, selecting your axe) when you have your hoverboard, will
    deactivate it. In cases of extreme bad luck, this is necessary.
 - IMPULSE 100 in single player mode will activate and deactivate your board.
 - The "temp1" varible is a server flags variable. By giving it a certain
    number, you can configure Slide to the deathmatch game you choose. Below
    is a current list of flags. To get the desired effect, add the numbers
    of the flags you wish, and before the game type "temp1 #" into the
    console, # being the sum of the flags you want.
   1 - Allow suicide. Too many people just suicide when they make one little
    mistake in Slide. Suicide is normally disabled. This will reenable it if
    you can't take the pressure of losing. ;)
   2 - No intraboard bash damage. You can still run into stuff to make it go
    ow.. but players ON hoverboards can't hurt each other this way. You can
    still try to throw someone off into lava tho. :)
   4 - Heh. I made it so players gib if they try to go through the end point
    without hitting checkpoints. Setting this flag just makes them bounce
    instead.
 - Here are the current noexit variables. These are GOOD to know if you're
    setting up a DM game and/or server.
   0 - No effect on exits. (default)
   1 - People explode when they run into exits. (default)
   2 - Same as one, but excluding the start level. (default)
   3 - A random Slide level is picked out of all ten at each level change.
        Also, people explode if they run into exits. (new)
   4 - At the end of each Slide level, you go back to the Slide Start level
        and get to pick the next place you're going to. (new)

 Levels:
 --------
    There aren't any in this pak. You need SLIDELV1.ZIP for Slide levels.

 Known Bugs:
 ------------
  - Not a bug, but I know there's no weapons.
  - Landing sounds don't always register right.

 Planned Stuff:
 ---------------
  - BETTER SOUNDS :P. Griphis and I threw the new board sounds together
     real fast, and couldn't get anything better ready for this deadline.
     We want to find (or make) better board sounds for the next Slide ver.
  - Maybe do a second level pak?
  - Perhaps some weapons, or booby traps, or powerups.

 Level Specs:
 -------------
    Yes, as in QTank, we need levels. If you wanna make one, feel free to
 try. :) It's a HELL of a lot easyier than normal Quake level making. It's
 also easy for the designer to test how cool their level is (QTank, or DM
 levels, you'd need to get on a server or a LAN for testing.) Just make
 a downhill track, check it for coolness, and send it to me if it passes. :)
 You MUST of course, have a start and end point, and deathmatch spawn points
 if you want it to be played in DM. As for entity names, here's the list:
    point_start : The start point. At the top of the track.
    point_end : The end point. At the bottom. Don't worry about putting it on
                slopes. It hugs the floor. :)
    point_check : Checkpoints. Don't worry about fancy flags you need to add.
                  Just put 'em in your level and they'll work.
    item_reslide : Resliders. If there's a tricky spot where players might try
                   to disable their board, you can put one of these here so
                   they can continue on their merry way.
    item_bonus : They respawn every 20 seconds. They float wherever you put
                 them. They award the player one frag. Put these anywhere
                 REAL dangerous if you want to get players to jump in lava
                 willingly. :)
    trigger_trip : A brush trigger. Players that hit this will trip up and
                   lose their boards.
    trigger_start : Exact same effect as the point_start, but in a trigger,
                    otherwise viewed as a huge flashing brush. You REALLY
                    should use the same start texture that I use, but any
                    texture on the brush will work.
    trigger_check : Same effect as a checkpoint, but in an easy-to-touch
                    brush. You MUST have a dummy checkpoint pole for this!
                    Without one, the theme of the game loses coherency.
                    Give this trigger a "target", and make it the same
                    "targetname" as a dummy checkpoint pole. Tricky for
                    newbie level designers, but that's not my problem. :)
                    The dummy checkpoint pole will light up when players hit
                    this brush.
    dummy_check : The aforementioned dummy checkpoint pole.
    trigger_end : Same effect as an endpoint, but since it's a brush you can
                  make it as wide as you like, or place it anywhere you like.
                  This ALSO needs a dummy, but a dummy endpoint pole. Read
                  the above section on the trigger_checks to see how this
                  works.
    dummy_end : The aforementioned dummy endpoint pole.
    point_zip : Zip plates. They push the player in whatever direction
                the plate is facing. Their health determines how much
                they will push the player. Their max_health is a max speed
                limit. Any players going faster than max_health will not
                be affected by the zip plate's shove. If you set spawnflags
                to 1, the point_zip will only appear in deathmatch.
    trigger_impact : Kind of like a trigger_hurt, but it does damage based
                     the speed of the player when he/she hits it.
    trigger_peace : A misc trigger I threw in for one of Griphis' levels
                    which I dunno if he's even gonna finish. When players
                    are in this brush, they can't fire. Good for observation
                    points.
    trigger_zip : Works exactly like a point_zip, but it works as a brush.
                  it has a short nextthink, so is technically more processor
                  intensive than a point_zip, but won't cause problems unless
                  you put a TON of them in your level.

    NOTE: All checkpoints, endpoints, dummy checkpoints, and dummy endpoints
          can be set so they don't glow (they'll still use the lit up skin)
          if you set spawnflags to 1. This way, four dummy checkpoints for
          the same checkpoint trigger won't slow down your computer if
          they're all glowing... and you have a slow computer.

 Version:
 ---------
 - 1.1 - Added some sounds for the Slider. Also on this date, we released the
         first official level pak. :) 

 - 1.03b - Added some ents. Fixed some code. Mostly for the level designers.

 - 1.02b - Added zip plates
           Boards spin around and shrink now when you deactivate them
           Fixed the shooting forever bug with nails and start points

 - 1.01b - Levels/data split into different paks
           Added start, check, end, and trip triggers

 - 1.0b - New! Premiered at Armageddon, Aug 17.

 Misc:
 ------
 Check out Singe's page 'o patches at:

 http://singe.telefragged.com

 Singe is also the author of Rune Hunt, Artifact Quake, and --> *QTANK* <--.

 Check out Griphis' page 'o Quake stuff, once he's ready to tell you where
 it is!

 Copyright and Distribution Permissions
 ---------------------------------------
 Authors may NOT use these modifications as a basis for other
 publically available work unless they ask the author (me), and
 get permission first.

 Availability:
 --------------
 http://singe.telefragged.com/slide/slide.html
 other places
